[Flutter] Add documentation for different routing packages (#18721)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/flutter/advanced_configuration.md

If you have not set up the Datadog Flutter SDK for RUM yet, follow the [in-app setup instructions][1] or refer to the [RUM Flutter setup documentation][2].

## Automatic View Tracking

> If you are using Flutter Navigator v2.0, your setup for automatic view tracking will differ depending on your routing middleware. Here, we document how to integrate with the most popular routing packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Flutter Navigator v2.0, your setup for automatic view tracking differs depending on your routing middleware. Here, we document how to integrate with the most popular routing packages.
```

  routerConfig: _router,
  // Your remaining setup
)
```

### AutoRoute

[AutoRoute][9] can use a `DatadogNavigationObserver` provided as one of the `navigatorObservers` as part of its `config` method.

```dart
return MaterialApp.router(
  routerConfig: _router.config(
    navigatorObservers: () => [
      DatadogNavigationObserver(
        datadogSdk: DatadogSdk.instance,
      ),
    ],
  ),
  // Your remaining setup
);
```

However, if you are using AutoRoute's tab routing, you need to extend Datadog's default observer with AutoRoute's `AutoRouteObserver` interface.

```dart
class DatadogAutoRouteObserver extends DatadogNavigationObserver
    implements AutoRouterObserver {
  DatadogAutoRouteObserver({required super.datadogSdk});

  // only override to observer tab routes
  @override
  void didInitTabRoute(TabPageRoute route, TabPageRoute? previousRoute) {
    datadogSdk.rum?.startView(route.path, route.name);
  }

  @override
  void didChangeTabRoute(TabPageRoute route, TabPageRoute previousRoute) {
    datadogSdk.rum?.startView(route.path, route.name);
  }
}
```

This new object replaces the simpler `DatadogNavigationObserver` in creation of AutoRoute's config.

### Beamer

> [Beamer][10] can use the `DatadogNavigationObserver` as an argument to `BeamerDelegate`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Beamer][10] can use the `DatadogNavigationObserver` as an argument to `BeamerDelegate`:
```
